seen over and over that one of the most
reliable ways to get a high-performance
machine learning system is to take a low
biased learning algorithm and to train
it on a massive training set but where
do you get so much training data from
turns out then the machine learning
there's a fascinating idea called
artificial data synthesis this doesn't
apply to every single problem and to
apply to a specific problem often take
some thoughts and innovation and insight
but if this idea applies to your machine
learning problem it can sometimes be an
easy way to get a huge training sense to
give to your learning algorithm the idea
of artificial data synthesis comprises
the two main variations the first is if
we're essentially creating data from
poke holes is creating new data from
strategy and the second is if we already
have a small label training set and with
somehow amplify that training set or use
a small training set to turn that into a
larger training set and in this video
we'll go over both of those ideas to
talk about the artificial data synthesis
out here let's use the character
recognition a portion of the photo OCR
pipeline we want to take as input an
image and recognize my character again
if we go out and collect a large label
dataset here's what the dataset would
look like for this patron example I've
chosen the square aspect ratio so we're
taking square image patches and the goal
is to take an image patch and recognize
the character in the middle of that
image patch and for the sake of
simplicity I'm going to treat these
images as grayscale images rather than
color images it turns out that using
color doesn't seem to help that much for
this particular problem
so given this image patch we would like
to recognize the density given this
image manager than to recognize
yes given that image patch we'd like to
recognize that that's an eye and so on
so all of these are examples of real
images how can we come up with a much
larger training set modern computers
often have a huge font library and if
you use a word processing software
depending on what word processor you use
it might have all of these files and
many many more already stored inside and
in fact if you go to different websites
there are again huge free font libraries
on the internet where you can download
many many different types of fonts
hundreds of apps thousands of different
forms so if you want more training
examples one thing you can do is just
take characters from different fonts and
paste these characters against different
brands and backgrounds so you might take
you know this alphabet C and paste that
Steve against a random background and if
you do that you now have a training
example of an image of the character C
so after some amount of work you know
this and it is a little bit of work to
synthesize realistic looking data but
after some amount of work you can get a
synthetic training set like that every
image shown on the right was actually a
synthesized image where you take a font
from maybe a random font downloaded off
the web and you paste an image of a one
character or a few characters from that
font against a sort of random background
image and then apply you know maybe
little blurring operators living little
affine distortions FM meaning just a
sharing and scaling and little rotation
operations now you do that you get a
synthetic training set like the one
shown here and this is work it is it
takes for to work in order to make the
synthetic data look realistic and if you
do a sloppy job in terms of how you
create the synthetic data then it
actually
well but if you look at these you know
the synthetic data actually looks
remarkably similar to the raw data and
so by using synthetic data you have
essentially an unlimited supply of
training examples for artificial data
synthesis and so if you use this sort of
synthetic data you have essentially an
unlimited supply of label data to train
a supervised learning algorithm for the
character recognition problem so this is
an example of artificial data synthesis
where you are basically creating new
data from scratch you're just generating
brand new images from scratch the other
main approach to artificial data
synthesis is where you take examples
that you currently have so we take a
roll example maybe from row image and
you create additional data source to
amplify your training set so here's an
image of a character from a real image
nor the synthesized image and I've
overlaid this with the grid lines here
just for the purpose of illustration
shouldn't actually have these grid lines
of course but what you can do is then
take this alphabet a take this image and
introduce artificial warping of
artificial distortions into the image so
that you can take the image a and turn
that into 16 new examples so in this way
you can take a maybe a small label
training set and amplify your training
set to sort of suddenly get a lot more
examples all of it again in order to do
this for a particular application it
does take thoughts and the dusting
insight to figure out what are
reasonable sets of distortions or
whether reasonable ways that amplifier
to multiply your training set and for
the specific example of character
recognition
introducing these warping seems like a
natural choice but for a different
machine learning application there may
be different distortions that might make
no sense let me just show one example of
an ax totally different domain of speech
recognition so speech recognition let's
say you have audio clips and you want to
learn from the audio clip to recognize
what was what were the words spoken in
that clip so let's say you have one
label of training example so let's say
you have one label training example of
someone saying a few specific words so
let's
that will do cliff here 0 1 2 3 4 I all
right so some counting from 0 to 5 and
so you know you want to try to apply a
learning algorithm to try to recognize
the word said in that so how can we
amplify the data set well what do we do
is introduce additional audio
distortions into the data set so here
I'm going to add background sounds to
simulate the bad cellphone connection
when you hear beeping sounds that's
actually a part of your audio track
there's nothing wrong with speakers but
let me play this now 0 1 2 3 4 5 right
so you can listen to that sort of audio
clip and recognize the sounds that seems
like another useful training is out of
the house here's another example
noisy back down 0 1 2 3 you know cars
driving past people walk in the
background here's another one and